docs: update defcon posting (#5071)
promptfoo/promptfoo: site/blog/hacker-summer-camp.md

This one-day summit before Black Hat is the leading forum for discussing AI innovation. Meet us at the summit to learn how Fortune 500 companies automatically catch LLM vulnerabilities during development before they reach production environments.

- **Location**: Mandalay Bay Convention Center, Las Vegas
- **Dates**: Tuesday, August 5, 2025, 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM

## Meet Us at the Black Hat Business Hall

We'll be in the Black Hat Business Hall on August 6th and 7th. You can also attend our CEO's talk on Wednesday, August 6th at 1:30 PM on the AI Stage, where Ian will showcase how leading enterprises are using Promptfoo to ship LLMs faster and more securely.

- **Location**: Mandalay Bay Convention Center, Las Vegas
- **Booth**: AI Zone Pavilion, Booth #4712
- **Dates**: Wednesday, August 6th and Thursday, August 7th

Want a deeper-dive demo? You can also book a 30-minute demo slot to see Promptfoo in action and learn how the platform can accelerate your AI security strategy.

<iframe
  src="https://cal.com/team/promptfoo/promptfoo-at-blackhat?embed=true"
  width="100%"
  height="600px"
  frameBorder="0"
  title="Book a meeting with Promptfoo"
/>

## Try the Tool at Arsenal Labs

> Watch our security researchers perform demonstrations of prompt injection, jailbreaking, and data exfiltration attacks. See how Promptfoo automatically detects and prevents these threats across GPT-4, Claude, Llama, and other popular models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Watch our security researchers perform demonstrations of prompt injection, jailbreaking, and data exfiltration attacks. See how Promptfoo automatically detects and prevents these threats across GPT, Claude, Gemini, Llama, and other popular models.
```

- **Location**: Mandalay Bay Convention Center, Las Vegas
- **Booth**: Business Hall, Arsenal Lab Station 1
- **Dates**: Wednesday, August 6th, 2:30 - 6:00 PM and Thursday, August 7th, 10:00 AM - 1:00 PM

## Meet Us at the DEF CON Exhibitor Booth

> We'll be at DEF CON all weekend. Join us at the Exhibitor Booth to meet the team and maybe even get a t-shirt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll be at DEF CON all weekend. Come by our booth to meet the team and maybe even get a t-shirt.
```

- **Location**: Las Vegas Convention Center
- **Dates**: August 8 - 10, 2025

## Have a Drink On Us at the Promptfoo Community Party

> We're throwing an open bar party for our Promptfoo community members. Space is limited. RSVP now to secure your spot at the AI security party of DEF CON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're throwing an open bar [party](https://promptfoo.dev/events/defcon-2025) at the Star Wars-themed Millennium FANDOM BAR for our Promptfoo community members. Space is limited. RSVP now to secure your spot at the AI security party of DEF CON.
```
